Hey, this is day 14 since
I had my rhinoplasty operation.
Because it's 2 weeks
since the operation now,
this will probably be
my last video I guess.
Because not much is
really changing now,
so I haven't really got
much else to report.
It is going to be quite a
slow process from now,
I think with the tiny
changes of healing.
So, yeah, I just wanted
to say that today,
there really wasn't much change
to what I should expect.
It's not dramatically changing
from day to day anymore.
Sometimes my nose seems
to ache I think.
It feels like if I touch it,
it's a bit bruised.
It is not bruised,
but it feels kind of tender.
Obviously and that will
just a go away in time.
And my scars are still
like healing up,
and starting to fade away
more and more.
I still got some blood in my nose
which is coming out
every so often.
Not really much else to
say except from that.
Like I said it is going to be a
really slow process from now on.
So, I don't think there will be
much more videos I will be making.
This is kind of just
to wrap it up, really.
I am still doing the
tape nose thing.
I feel like it kind of just keeps
it in place while I am sleeping.
So that's quite useful.
And I think that's
about it really.
Like I said, I could
just wrap it up
and say that it's been a
really good experience.
Much better than I actually
thought I would have.
I thought I would be
in a lot more pain.
I thought I would have
a lot more bruising.
I thought um, well I was worried
that I wouldn't get what I wanted.
Like as one, I've never had
cosmetic surgery before
you get a panic about the idea,
well what if it goes wrong?
What if I don't get what I want?
What if it is not
what I expected?
What if I can't do
anything about it?
Which are just I think are
normal worries for anybody.
But no, perfectly happy,
he kept it very natural.
Like most people I see,
say like it does look natural
even thought they know
I have had a nose job.
They say like it still
looks really natural.
So if they didn't know me they
wouldn't have known anyway.
So, I am really happy with that,
and it really compliments my face I think.
He's done a really
good job at kind of,
keeping my natural
shape of my nose.
But then also like
tailoring it in,
so that it kind of makes
it more feminine shape.
So he's done a really
good job with that.
So I am happy with
everything so far.
Great people, great service.
Obviously if I wanted anything else
I would go back to them,
because I have had such good
experience with this so far.
I trust them with other
things if I would do that,
which I don't know if I would.
Just because I am worried about the
whole kind of cosmetic addiction thing
that people say about,
same with tattoos.
So I think I have done this,
I am really happy with the results,
and I will just
leave it at that.
But yeah, really happy
with the results so far.
I think it is starting
to go down even more.
So yeah it is all good so far.
I think that's about it,
I don't know what else
I can really say unfortunately.
So, yeah, I will just wrap it
up with saying it is all good.
If I do another video then
that might be in quite a while
maybe just to see the result in
a few months time, we will see.
But at the moment I don't think
there isn't any much point,
because it isn't changing
dramatically anymore.
And even I can't really notice
the difference day by day.
So I don't know how
anyone watching this can.
So, yeah if you are thinking of
getting a nose job, don't panic,
because as you can see
I didn't need to.
Even though I did a bit,
even though I might have
hidden it quite well.
So yeah, just be very specific
in what you ask for.
I think I went above
and beyond specific.
It must have been
quite annoying.
Yeah and just be honest
with what you want,
and Dr. De Silva will be honest
back of what's realistic,
and what's actually achievable.
And hopefully you will be as
happy as I am with the result.
So, just be smart basically.
So, yeah that's about it.
So, thanks for watching,
and I hope I have been helpful
with like kind of the
whole experience,
and what I felt in by the
day by day changes and stuff.
Yeah and hopefully it will come
in handy to anyone watching this
and is thinking of having
rhinoplasty themselves.
Or is going for it
and wants to know
how long it takes to heal,
I guess.
I'm sure if probably if one does it
different times like their body heals
in different ways,
different times.
But, yeah, hope
I have been helpful.
So, thank you for watching.
Any questions I am sure
Dr. De Silva will be able
to answer them.
And um, yeah that's it.
So, maybe see you soon,
probably not.
And um, yeah good luck
with whatever rhinoplasty
you may, or may not have.
Okay, bye guys.